polymetis/docs/source/installation.md, before:

# Installation

## Simple

### From Anaconda

1. Activate a conda environment with `python=3.8`:
    ```bash
    conda activate polymetis
    ```
    - If you don't have one yet, create one with the proper Python version:
       ```bash
       conda create -n polymetis python=3.8
       ```

1. Install polymetis using conda. This should pull the latest successful build from `main` branch.
    ```bash
    conda install -c fair-robotics -c aihabitat -c conda-forge polymetis
    ```

## For advanced users & developers

### From source

1. Clone repo:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:facebookresearch/fairo
    cd droidlet/polymetis
    ```

1. Create environment
    ```bash
    conda env create -f ./polymetis/environment.yml
    conda activate polymetis-local
    ```

1. Install Python package in editable mode:
    ```bash
    pip install -e ./polymetis
    ```

1. Build from source:
    - Optionally, build [libfranka](https://frankaemika.github.io/docs/libfranka.html) for use on Franka Panda hardware:
        ```bash
        ./scripts/build_libfranka.sh
        ```
    - Optionally, install the CUDA-enabled version of our PyTorch build (by default, only the CPU version is enabled):
        ```bash
        conda install -c fair-robotics pytorch
        ```
    - Build Polymetis from source:
        ```bash
        mkdir -p ./polymetis/build
        cd ./polymetis/build

        cmake .. -DBUILD_FRANKA=[OFF/ON] -DBUILD_TESTS=[OFF/ON] -DBUILD_DOCS=[OFF/ON]
        make -j
        ```

5. Start developing! Remember to rebuild if modifying C++ source code.

### From a local conda package

We rebuild a new conda package during CI on every pushed commit, and store it as an artifact in CircleCI. If you're trying to debug a particular commit, you may want to install the generated Conda package locally.

1. For the commit you're interested in, select the "Details" of the `conda-pkg-create-and-test` test:

    ![CircleCI artifact](img/circleci-check.png)

1. Click the "Artifacts" tab, and download the `polymetis*.tar.bz2` file generated by CircleCI:

    ![CircleCI artifact](img/circleci-artifact.png)

1. In a fresh conda environment, install the package:

    - Create a fresh conda environment:
        ```bash
        conda create -n polymetis-test python=3.8
        conda activate polymetis-test
        ```
    - Update the local channel:
        ```bash
        cd polymetis/polymetis
        PKG_PATH=/path/to/downloaded/polymetis*.tar.bz2 ./conda/build_conda_package.sh
        ```
    
    - Install polymetis from the local channel:
        ```bash
        conda install -c file://$(eval pwd)/conda/channel \
            -c fair-robotics \
            -c aihabitat \
            -c conda-forge \
            polymetis
        ```

Commit message:

Switch to Mamba for CI

polymetis/docs/source/installation.md, after:

# Installation

> We recommend [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) as a faster drop-in replacement for conda. After installing `mamba` (`conda install mamba -n base -c conda-forge`), simply substitute `mamba` for `conda` in all of the following instructions.

## Simple

### From Anaconda

1. Activate a conda environment with `python=3.8`:
    ```bash
    conda activate polymetis
    ```
    - If you don't have one yet, create one with the proper Python version:
       ```bash
       conda create -n polymetis python=3.8
       ```

1. Install polymetis using conda. This should pull the latest successful build from `main` branch.
    ```bash
    conda install -c fair-robotics -c aihabitat -c conda-forge polymetis
    ```

## For advanced users & developers

### From source

1. Clone repo:
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:facebookresearch/fairo
    cd droidlet/polymetis
    ```

1. Create environment
    ```bash
    conda env create -f ./polymetis/environment.yml
    conda activate polymetis-local
    ```

1. Install Python package in editable mode:
    ```bash
    pip install -e ./polymetis
    ```

1. Build from source:
    - Optionally, build [libfranka](https://frankaemika.github.io/docs/libfranka.html) for use on Franka Panda hardware:
        ```bash
        ./scripts/build_libfranka.sh
        ```
    - Optionally, install the CUDA-enabled version of our PyTorch build (by default, only the CPU version is enabled):
        ```bash
        conda install -c fair-robotics pytorch
        ```
    - Build Polymetis from source:
        ```bash
        mkdir -p ./polymetis/build
        cd ./polymetis/build

        cmake .. -DBUILD_FRANKA=[OFF/ON] -DBUILD_TESTS=[OFF/ON] -DBUILD_DOCS=[OFF/ON]
        make -j
        ```

5. Start developing! Remember to rebuild if modifying C++ source code.

### From a local conda package

We rebuild a new conda package during CI on every pushed commit, and store it as an artifact in CircleCI. If you're trying to debug a particular commit, you may want to install the generated Conda package locally.

1. For the commit you're interested in, select the "Details" of the `conda-pkg-create-and-test` test:

    ![CircleCI artifact](img/circleci-check.png)

1. Click the "Artifacts" tab, and download the `polymetis*.tar.bz2` file generated by CircleCI:

    ![CircleCI artifact](img/circleci-artifact.png)

1. In a fresh conda environment, install the package:

    - Create a fresh conda environment:
        ```bash
        conda create -n polymetis-test python=3.8
        conda activate polymetis-test
        ```
    - Update the local channel:
        ```bash
        cd polymetis/polymetis
        PKG_PATH=/path/to/downloaded/polymetis*.tar.bz2 ./conda/build_conda_package.sh
        ```
    
    - Install polymetis from the local channel:
        ```bash
        conda install -c file://$(eval pwd)/conda/channel \
            -c fair-robotics \
            -c aihabitat \
            -c conda-forge \
            polymetis
        ```
